---
description: How the Interest is Paid to NFT Holders
---

# 🔒 Investment Rewards

To receive any investment rewards you will need to claim them from our rewards site.

[https://dacc.netlify.app/](https://dacc.netlify.app/)\
\
The value of the Investment Vault will start at 65% of the mint, meaning that we will take 65% of the mint funds and invest them into the Vault. Before the mint is complete it is impossible to know exactly how much 65% of the mint funds will be worth.&#x20;

| Tier Level | Value of Vault     | Interest paid out | Interest compounded |
| ---------- | ------------------ | ----------------- | ------------------- |
| Mint Tier  | At mint completion | 50%               | 40%                 |
| Tier 1     | +100% growth       | 60%               | 30%                 |
| Tier 2     | +50% growth        | 70%               | 20%                 |
| Tier 3     | +34% growth        | 90%               | 0%                  |

Whatever the value of the vault after the mint has completed (65% of the total mint funds) when those funds have doubled in value, meaning the total value of the vault has grown by 100% then the interest paid out will shift to the Tier 1 level, meaning the interest paid out to staked holders will be 60% of the interest, and the amount of interest compounded will be 30% of the interest\
\
Once the vault has grown by an additional 50% then, then the interest paid out and interest compounded will shift to Tier 2, and after an additional 25% growth they will switch to Tier 3.\
\
For example. Let us imagine that at mint completion 65% of the mint funds equals roughly USD $20,000. In this case the vault would reach Tier 1 status when the value of the vault increases by 100%. 20,000 \* 100% = 40,000. So in this example, when the funds reach $40,000 the fund will reach Tier 1 status.&#x20;

Tier 2 status will be reached when the value of the vault has grown by an additional 50%. 40,000 \* 50% = 60,000. So for the sake of this example, when the fund reaches $60,000 it will move to Tier 2 status. &#x20;

Finally, when the fund grows by an additional 34%, it will reach Tier 3 status, 60,000 \* 34% = 80,400. So for this example, Tier 3 would be reached when the fund grows to a value of USD $80,400. At that time 90% of the interest generated by the fund will be paid out to NFT holders as shown in the table above.

## The TeenDACC burn campaign

For the first year after TeenDACC is listed on secondary markets a 10% portion of the interest will also be withheld and used in combination with the royalty fees as part of a buy-back-and-burn campaign to buy TeenDACC off secondary markets and permanently burn them, permanently reducing the total supply.\
\
Once this one-year period of BB\&B has been completed, the 10% of interest will be shifted, 5% will be sent back to the investment vault to be permanently compounded, and the other 5% of the interest will become a fund management fee.&#x20;

There will also be a second source of revenue used for BB\&B, the royalty fee, for a one-year period 100% of the secondary market royalty fees will also be used for BB\&B of TeenDACC. After the one-year period of BB\&B is completed, the royalty fees will shift to 50% being compounded into the investment vault, and 50% going to the team. \
\
In this way through these two revenue streams, 50% of royalties, and 5% of compounded interest, the investment vault will continue to grow forever.&#x20;

## Staking OG DACCs

The OG DACCs are a royalty-rewards NFT,  each week 75% of the royalties that OG DACCs have earned from secondary markets can be claimed from the investment rewards site.\
Check [https://dacc.netlify.app/](https://dacc.netlify.app/)

## When will investment rewards go live?

Investment rewards are live for both DACC and TeenDACC\
Check [https://dacc.netlify.app/](https://dacc.netlify.app/)
