---
description: How the Interest is Paid to Staked NFT Holders
---

# 🔒 Staking Rewards

To receive any staking rewards you will be required to stake your NFT on the CandyCity [NFT Partner Staking](https://candycity.finance/nfts/staking/partner?chainId=25) platform. Once your NFT is staked into one of these pools you will be able to harvest rewards paid out WCRO tokens which will be generated from the Liquidity Pool farm investments interest.\
\
Not all of the interest that is generated will be paid out to the staking pools. A portion of the interest will be withheld and compounded, the amount withheld will be based on the total combined value of the vault.\
\
The value of the Vault will start at 65% of the mint, meaning that we will take 65% of the mint funds and invest them into the Vault. Before the mint is complete it is impossible to know exactly how much 65% of the mint funds will be worth.&#x20;

| Tier Level | Value of Vault     | Interest paid out | Interest compounded |
| ---------- | ------------------ | ----------------- | ------------------- |
| Mint Tier  | At mint completion | 50%               | 40%                 |
| Tier 1     | +100% growth       | 60%               | 30%                 |
| Tier 2     | +50% growth        | 70%               | 20%                 |
| Tier 3     | +34% growth        | 90%               | 0%                  |

Whatever the value of the vault after launch (65% of mint funds) when those funds have doubled in value, meaning the total value of the vault has grown by 100% then the interest paid out will shift to the Tier 1 level, meaning the interest paid out to staked holders will be 60%, and the amount of interest compounded will be 30%\
\
Once the vault has grown by an additional 50% then, then the interest paid out and interest compounded will shift to Tier 2, and after an additional 25% growth they will switch to Tier 3.\
\
For example. Let us imagine that at mint completion 65% of the mint funds equals roughly USD $20,000. 20,000 \* 100% = 40,000. So in this example, when the funds reach $40,000 the fund will reach Tier 1 status. 40,000 \* 50% = 60,000. So for the sake of this example, when the fund reaches $60,000 it will move to Tier 2 status.  Finally, when the fund grows by an additional 34%, it will reach Tier 3 status, 60,000 \* 34% = 80,400. So for this example Tier 3 would be reached when the fund grows to a value of USD $80,400. At that time 90% of the interest generated by the fund will be paid out to staked NFT holders.\
\
For the first year after TeenDACC is listed on secondary markets a 10% portion of the interest will also be withheld and used in combination with the royalty fees as part of a buy-back-and-burn campaign.\
\
Once this one-year period of BB\&B has been completed, the 10% of interest will be shifted, 5% will be sent back to the investment vault to be permanently compounded, and the other 5% of the interest will become a fund management fee.&#x20;

## What type of coins will be paid to staked holders?

In the beginning, payouts will be made in WCRO. Eventually, we would like to reward holders in whatever tokens our investments actually earn, so if the investments earn Candy we would like to eventually reward Candy or if it earns Cros we would like to reward Cros.

## Staking DACC NFTs

DACC is a royalty-rewards NFT,  each week the team airdrops 75% of the royalties that DACC has earned from secondary markets back to DACC holders. DACC holders will still continue to receive this royalty payment airdrop even when they have staked their DACC into the CandyCity staking platform.

## DACC NFT Isolation

The team has created a mechanism to reduce the total supply of DACC, which is called the Isolation Wallet. The team currently receives 25% of the secondary market royalties for DACC, and has agreed to use these royalties to buy DACC off the markets and send them into an isolation wallet. Once in the isolation wallet, those DACC will no longer be able to receive any further royalties, they will not be bought or sold on any markets, and they will not be staked. Once inside the isolation wallet, those DACC are effectively dead NFTs.\
\
The DACC isolation program will continue to run for one year after TeenDACC is listed on secondary markets, after this one-year period of isolation has been completed the 25% portion of royalty will return to the team.&#x20;
